Add Camera Focus Mode (#2180)
PhotonVision/photonvision: docs/source/docs/quick-start/camera-focusing.md

Reviewer: Can we get a screenshot of how this works?

# Camera Focusing

## Prepare Camera

> To ensure that your camera is focused properly, mount it to a secure surface and ensure it does not move darasticly. Point your camera at a detailed surface like a calibration board, this may help with focusing.

Reviewer 2: You might also want to explain that the target surface should be located at the furthest distance that you plan to see with your vision system. If you focus on a target that is close to the camera, objects that are further away will appear blurry. Focusing too close could be especially bad for detecting distant AprilTags.

## Using Focus Tool
:::{important}

> The focus tool will assign a "Score" to the current focus, this is score depends on your enviorment and the lighting, and cannot be used for comparison

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The focus tool will assign a *Score* to the current focus, this score depends on your environment and the lighting, and cannot be used for comparison.
```

:::
- In the Cameras tab, turn on focus mode

> - Turn the lens on your camera to try and get the focus value as high as possible

Reviewer 3: Rotate might be a better word here,
> Turn the lens on your camera

Can sound like `turn on` instead of rotation.

> - Once you cannot get a higher value, this indicated that your camera is fully focused and can be set it place using glue if desired.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Once you cannot get a higher value, this indicates that your camera is fully focused and can be set in place using glue if desired.
```

Author: I did actually remove the highest focus value because during testing I didn't find it helpful

# Camera Focusing

## Prepare Camera
:::{warning}
Refocusing your camera **will** make your calibration inaccurate, make sure to recalibrate after focusing.
:::
To ensure that your camera is focused properly, mount it to a secure surface and ensure it does not move drastically. Point your camera at a detailed surface like a calibration board, and make sure that it not too close to the camera.

## Using Focus Tool
:::{important}
The focus tool will assign a *Score* to the current focus, this score depends on your environment and the lighting, and cannot be used for comparison.
:::

> - In the Cameras tab, turn on focus mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Cameras tab, turn on Focus Mode.
```
